W-22800606-add-components-dm (#585)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-maven-plugin.adoc

</plugin>
----

== Configure Cryptographic Taint Analysis

> The Maven plugin for DataWeave can run cryptographic taint analysis at compile time to help identify potential security vulnerabilities in your DataWeave code. The analysis tracks literal algorithm values that flow into parameters annotated with xref:dataweave::dw-crypto-annotations.adoc[`@CryptographicSink`] and fails the build when an algorithm matches your configured insecure list. For more details about the annotation, see xref:dataweave::dw-crypto-annotations.adoc[Crypto Annotations].

Reviewer: Do you need the hard-coded link text here? Also, two links to the same doc, but with different link text?

> The Maven plugin for DataWeave can run cryptographic taint analysis at compile time to help identify potential security vulnerabilities in your DataWeave code. The analysis tracks literal algorithm values that flow into parameters annotated with xref:dataweave::dw-crypto-annotations.adoc[`@CryptographicSink`] and fails the build when an algorithm matches your configured insecure list. For more details about the annotation, see xref:dataweave::dw-crypto-annotations.adoc[Crypto Annotations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maven plugin for DataWeave can run cryptographic taint analysis at compile time to help identify potential security vulnerabilities in your DataWeave code. The analysis tracks literal algorithm values that flow into parameters annotated with xref:dataweave::dw-crypto-annotations.adoc[`@CryptographicSink`] and causes the build to fail when an algorithm matches your configured insecure list. For more details about the annotation, see xref:dataweave::dw-crypto-annotations.adoc[Crypto Annotations].
```

Reviewer: (not sure if that changes the meaning)

> Inside the `plugin` configuration, add `cryptoTaintAnalysisSettings` with values that match your security requirements:

Author: ```suggestion
Inside the plugin configuration, add `cryptoTaintAnalysisSettings` with values that match your security requirements:
```
